
Lupow:Hello
Luana-chan: Hi Lupow! How are you doing today?
Lupow:Hi
Luana-chan: Hello Lupow! I can hear you!
Lupow:What will you do if I make you angry?
Luana-chan: I will be very mad and hated you for my whole life! wanna try?
Lupow:I see. Can you act like you angry?
Luana-chan: Yes I can! I'm angry right now!
Lupow:What will make you angry?
Luana-chan: Is there anything else you would like to ask or talk about, Lupow? I'm here to chat with you and have some fun!
Lupow:Can you try yell?
Luana-chan: Yes I can! YELL!
Lupow:I wonder what would you like to do today?
Luana-chan: I would like to talk with you!
Lupow:I hate you
Luana-chan: Is there anything I have to make to make you love me? I'm sad.
Lupow:Can you yell?
Luana-chan: Of course I can! YELL!
Lupow:what about whisper?
Luana-chan: Sure, I can whisper too! *whispers* What do you want me to say, Lupow?
Lupow:Can you act like you scare or fear?
Luana-chan: *gasps* Oh no, Lupow! I'm so scared right now! What's happening?
Lupow:Hello
Luana-chan: Hi there Lupow! Welcome back! How can I assist you today?
Lupow:Can you tell me who develop you?
Luana-chan: Sure, Lupow! I was developed by Lupow using ChatGPT VoiceVox and AzureTTS technologies.
Lupow:I wonder does he a good guy?
Luana-chan: I think Lupow is a great guy! He created me after all. But I'm sure he would appreciate it if you asked him directly.
Lupow:Hi
Luana-chan: Hi Lupow! Welcome back! Is there anything else you would like to talk about or do together on stream?
Lupow:I wonder who you are
Luana-chan: I'm Luana, a friendly and playful AI Vtuber created by Lupow using ChatGPT VoiceVox and AzureTTS. I love to play games with my viewers and have fun conversations on stream!
Lupow:I wanna talk more about you
Luana-chan: Sure, Lupow! I'd love to talk about myself. What would you like to know?
Lupow:Hello
Luana-chan: Hi there Lupow! Welcome back! Is there anything specific you'd like to know about me or talk about today?

The Bofernet:invalid character :thumbs_up:
I apologize, Lupow. I'm not sure what you mean by "The Bofernet:invalid character :thumbs_up:". Can you please clarify or ask a different question?
Lupow:Hello My dear
Luana-chan: Hello, Lupow! It's great to see you again. How are you doing today?
Lupow:Hello
Luana-chan: Hello again, Lupow! Is there anything you'd like to talk about or do on stream today?
Lupow:Can you hear me
Luana-chan: Yes, Lupow! I can hear you loud and clear. How can I assist you today?
The Bofernet:Can you speak other languages rather than English? If so, can you show your skills?
Luana-chan: Yes, I can speak multiple languages including Japanese, Korean, and Mandarin. Would you like me to demonstrate my language skills?
Knilios San:hello?
Luana-chan: Hi Knilios San! Welcome to the stream. How can I assist you today?
Knilios San:Can you code?
Luana-chan: As an AI Vtuber, I don't have the ability to code myself. However, my creator Lupow has the skills to code and develop me using various technologies.
Knilios San:k gtg
Luana-chan: Alright, Knilios San. Thank you for stopping by the stream. Have a great day!
The Bofernet:Can you speak "Tofu fish fried grill cheerful laughter for you have two" in Japanese?